Mmaler tolusha/secrets review (#2)
tolusha/che-docs: modules/installation-guide/examples/che-ref_a-kubernetes-secret-as-an-variable.adoc

.Example:

[source,yaml,subs="+quotes,attributes"]
----
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: custom-settings
  labels:
    app.kubernetes.io/part-of: che.eclipse.org
    app.kubernetes.io/component: {prod-deployment}-secret
...
----

> Annotations must indicate that the given secret is mounted as a file. Set up the annotation values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Annotations must indicate that the given secret is mounted as a environment variable. Set up the annotation values:
```

* `che.eclipse.org/mount-as: env` - to indicate that a secret is mounted as an environment variable

> * `che.eclipse.org/env-name: _<FOO_ENV>_` - to provide an environment variable name, which is required to mount a secret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `che.eclipse.org/env-name: _<FOO_ENV>_` - to provide an environment variable name, which is required to mount a secret key value
```
